[Amazon Web Services] <http://aws.amazon.com/documentation>
AWS CloudFormation
User Guide (API Version 2010-05-15)
Search: [Go]

    * What is AWS CloudFormation?
          o AWS CloudFormation Concepts
          o How Does AWS CloudFormation Work?
    * Getting Started
          o Signing Up for an AWS Account
          o Get Started
          o Learn Template Basics
          o Walkthrough: Updating a Stack
          o Walkthrough: Custom Resources
          o Using CloudFormer to Create Templates
          o AWS CloudFormation Endpoints
    * Controlling Access with IAM
    * Working with Stacks
          o Using the Console
                + Logging In to the Console
                + Creating a Stack
                      # Selecting a Stack Template
                      # Specifying Stack Parameters
                      # Setting Stack Options
                      # Reviewing Your Stack and Estimating Stack Cost
                + Creating an EC2 Key Pair
                + Estimating the Cost of Your Stack
                + Viewing Stack Data and Resources
                + Deleting a Stack
                + Viewing Deleted Stacks
          o Using the AWS CLI
                + Creating a Stack
                + Describing and Listing Your Stacks
                + Viewing Stack Event History
                + Listing Resources
                + Retrieving a Template
                + Validating a Template
                + Deleting a Stack
          o Stack Updates
                + Modifying a Stack Template
                + Updating a Stack
                + Monitoring Progress
                + Canceling a Stack Update
                + Prevent Updates to Stack Resources
          o Working with Windows Stacks
                + Windows AMIs and Templates
                + Bootstrapping Windows Stacks
                + Accessing Windows Instances
    * Working With Templates
          o Template Anatomy
                + Format Version
                + Description
                + Parameters
                + Mappings
                + Conditions
                + Resources
                + Outputs
          o Example Templates
                + Auto Scaling Group with LoadBalancer, Auto Scaling
                  Policies, and CloudWatch Alarms
                + Amazon EC2 Running an Amazon Linux 32-bit AMI
                + Create a Load-Balanced Apache Website
                + Auto-Scaled Worker that uses Spot Instances to Monitor
                  Work in an SQS Queue
          o Template Snippets
                + Auto Scaling Snippets
                + Amazon CloudFront Template Snippets
                + Amazon CloudWatch Logs Sample
                + Amazon EC2 Snippets
                + AWS Elastic Beanstalk Snippets
                + Elastic Load Balancing Snippets
                + Identity and Access Management (IAM) Template Snippets
                + AWS OpsWorks Snippets
                + Amazon Redshift Snippets
                + Amazon RDS Template Snippets
                + Amazon Route 53 Template Snippets
                + Amazon S3 Template Snippets
                + Amazon SimpleDB Snippets
                + Amazon SNS Snippets
                + Amazon SQS Queue Snippet
                + Stack Resource Snippets
                + Wait Condition Template Snippets
                + AWS CloudFormation Template Snippets
          o Creating Templates
                + Intrinsic Functions
                + Adding Input Parameters
                + Use Parameters and Mappings to Specify Values in Your
                  Template
                + Conditionally Creating Resources
                + Tagging Your Resources
                + Specifying Return Values with Outputs
                + Creating Wait Conditions
          o Using Regular Expressions
          o Automating Application Installation Using Cloud-Init
          o Deploying Applications
    * Template Reference
          o AWS Resource Types
                + AWS::AutoScaling::AutoScalingGroup
                + AWS::AutoScaling::LaunchConfiguration
                + AWS::AutoScaling::ScalingPolicy
                + AWS::AutoScaling::ScheduledAction
                + AWS::CloudFormation::Authentication
                + AWS::CloudFormation::CustomResource
                + AWS::CloudFormation::Init
                + AWS::CloudFormation::Stack
                + AWS::CloudFormation::WaitCondition
                + AWS::CloudFormation::WaitConditionHandle
                + AWS::CloudFront::Distribution
                + AWS::CloudTrail::Trail
                + AWS::CloudWatch::Alarm
                + AWS::DynamoDB::Table
                + AWS::EC2::CustomerGateway
                + AWS::EC2::DHCPOptions
                + AWS::EC2::EIP
                + AWS::EC2::EIPAssociation
                + AWS::EC2::Instance
                + AWS::EC2::InternetGateway
                + AWS::EC2::NetworkAcl
                + AWS::EC2::NetworkAclEntry
                + AWS::EC2::NetworkInterface
                + AWS::EC2::NetworkInterfaceAttachment
                + AWS::EC2::Route
                + AWS::EC2::RouteTable
                + AWS::EC2::SecurityGroup
                + AWS::EC2::SecurityGroupEgress
                + AWS::EC2::SecurityGroupIngress
                + AWS::EC2::Subnet
                + AWS::EC2::SubnetNetworkAclAssociation
                + AWS::EC2::SubnetRouteTableAssociation
                + AWS::EC2::Volume
                + AWS::EC2::VolumeAttachment
                + AWS::EC2::VPC
                + AWS::EC2::VPCDHCPOptionsAssociation
                + AWS::EC2::VPCGatewayAttachment
                + AWS::EC2::VPCPeeringConnection
                + AWS::EC2::VPNConnection
                + AWS::EC2::VPNConnectionRoute
                + AWS::EC2::VPNGateway
                + AWS::EC2::VPNGatewayRoutePropagation
                + AWS::ElastiCache::CacheCluster
                + AWS::ElastiCache::ParameterGroup
                + AWS::ElastiCache::SecurityGroup
                + AWS::ElastiCache::SecurityGroupIngress
                + AWS::ElastiCache::SubnetGroup
                + AWS::ElasticBeanstalk::Application
                + AWS::ElasticBeanstalk::ApplicationVersion
                + AWS::ElasticBeanstalk::ConfigurationTemplate
                + AWS::ElasticBeanstalk::Environment
                + AWS::ElasticLoadBalancing::LoadBalancer
                + AWS::IAM::AccessKey
                + AWS::IAM::Group
                + AWS::IAM::InstanceProfile
                + AWS::IAM::Policy
                + AWS::IAM::Role
                + AWS::IAM::User
                + AWS::IAM::UserToGroupAddition
                + AWS::Kinesis::Stream
                + AWS::Logs::LogGroup
                + AWS::Logs::MetricFilter
                + AWS::OpsWorks::App
                + AWS::OpsWorks::ElasticLoadBalancerAttachment
                + AWS::OpsWorks::Instance
                + AWS::OpsWorks::Layer
                + AWS::OpsWorks::Stack
                + AWS::Redshift::Cluster
                + AWS::Redshift::ClusterParameterGroup
                + AWS::Redshift::ClusterSecurityGroup
                + AWS::Redshift::ClusterSecurityGroupIngress
                + AWS::Redshift::ClusterSubnetGroup
                + AWS::RDS::DBInstance
                + AWS::RDS::DBParameterGroup
                + AWS::RDS::DBSubnetGroup
                + AWS::RDS::DBSecurityGroup
                + AWS::RDS::DBSecurityGroupIngress
                + AWS::Route53::RecordSet
                + AWS::Route53::RecordSetGroup
                + AWS::S3::Bucket
                + AWS::S3::BucketPolicy
                + AWS::SDB::Domain
                + AWS::SNS::Topic
                + AWS::SNS::TopicPolicy
                + AWS::SQS::Queue
                + AWS::SQS::QueuePolicy
          o Resource Property Types
                + AutoScaling Block Device Mapping
                + AutoScaling EBS Block Device
                + Auto Scaling MetricsCollection
                + Auto Scaling NotificationConfiguration
                + Auto Scaling Tags
                + CloudFormation Stack Parameters
                + CloudFront DistributionConfig
                + CloudFront DistributionConfig CacheBehavior
                + CloudFront DistributionConfig CustomErrorResponse
                + CloudFront DefaultCacheBehavior
                + CloudFront Logging
                + CloudFront DistributionConfig Origin
                + CloudFront DistributionConfig Origin CustomOrigin
                + CloudFront DistributionConfig Origin S3Origin
                + CloudFront DistributionConfiguration Restrictions
                + CloudFront DistributionConfig Restrictions GeoRestriction
                + CloudFront DistributionConfiguration ViewerCertificate
                + CloudFront ForwardedValues
                + CloudFront ForwardedValues Cookies
                + CloudWatch Metric Dimension
                + CloudWatch Logs MetricFilter MetricTransformation
                  Property
                + DynamoDB Attribute Definitions
                + DynamoDB Global Secondary Indexes
                + DynamoDB Key Schema
                + DynamoDB Local Secondary Indexes
                + DynamoDB Projection Object
                + DynamoDB Provisioned Throughput
                + Amazon EC2 Block Device Mapping Property
                + Amazon Elastic Block Store Block Device Property
                + EC2 ICMP
                + EC2 MountPoint
                + EC2 Network Interface
                + EC2 Network Interface Association
                + EC2 Network Interface Attachment
                + EC2 Network Interface Group Item
                + EC2 Network Interface Private IP Specification
                + EC2 PortRange
                + EC2 Security Group Rule
                + EC2 Tag
                + AWS Elastic Beanstalk Environment Tier
                + AWS Elastic Beanstalk OptionSettings Property Type
                + AWS Elastic Beanstalk SourceBundle Property Type
                + AWS Elastic Beanstalk SourceConfiguration Property Type
                + Elastic Load Balancing AccessLoggingPolicy
                + AppCookieStickinessPolicy
                + Elastic Load Balancing ConnectionDrainingPolicy
                + ElasticLoadBalancing HealthCheck
                + LBCookieStickinessPolicy
                + ElasticLoadBalancing Listener
                + ElasticLoadBalancing Policy
                + Name Type
                + AWS OpsWorks Recipes Type
                + AWS OpsWorks Source Type
                + AWS OpsWorks SslConfiguration Type
                + AWS OpsWorks StackConfigurationManager Type
                + AWS OpsWorks VolumeConfiguration Type
                + Amazon Redshift Parameter Type
                + AWS CloudFormation Resource Tags
                + RDS Security Group Rule
                + Route 53 AliasTarget Property
                + Amazon S3 Cors Configuration
                + Amazon S3 Cors Configuration Rule
                + Amazon S3 Lifecycle Configuration
                + Amazon S3 Lifecycle Rule
                + Amazon S3 Lifecycle Rule Transition
                + Amazon S3 Logging Configuration
                + Amazon S3 Notification Configuration
                + Amazon S3 Notification Topic Configurations
                + Amazon S3 Versioning Configuration
                + Amazon S3 Website Configuration Property
                + Amazon S3 Website Configuration Redirect All Requests To
                  Property
                + Amazon S3 Website Configuration Routing Rules Property
                + Amazon S3 Website Configuration Routing Rules Redirect
                  Rule Property
                + Amazon S3 Website Configuration Routing Rules Routing
                  Rule Condition Property
                + SNS Subscription
                + Amazon SQS RedrivePolicy
          o Resource Attributes
                + DeletionPolicy
                + DependsOn
                + Metadata
                + UpdatePolicy
          o Intrinsic Functions
                + Fn::Base64
                + Condition Functions
                      # Sample Templates
                + Fn::FindInMap
                + Fn::GetAtt
                + Fn::GetAZs
                + Fn::Join
                + Fn::Select
                + Ref
          o Pseudo Parameters
          o CloudFormation Helper Scripts
                + cfn-init
                + cfn-signal
                + cfn-get-metadata
                + cfn-hup
    * Sample Templates
          o Asia Pacific (Tokyo) Region
                + Sample Solutions
                + Application Frameworks
                + Services
          o Asia Pacific (Singapore) Region
                + Sample Solutions
                + Application Frameworks
                + Services
          o Asia Pacific (Sydney) Region
                + Sample Solutions
                + Application Frameworks
                + Services
          o EU (Ireland) Region
                + Sample Solutions
                + Application Frameworks
                + Services
          o South America (Sao Paulo) Region
                + Sample Solutions
                + Application Frameworks
                + Services
          o US East (Northern Virginia) Region
                + Sample Solutions
                + Application Frameworks
                + Services
          o US West (Northern California) Region
                + Sample Solutions
                + Application Frameworks
                + Services
          o US West (Oregon) Region
                + Sample Solutions
                + Application Frameworks
                + Services
    * AWS CloudFormation Limits
    * Custom Resource Reference
          o Request Objects
          o Response Objects
          o Request Types
                + Create
                + Delete
                + Update
    * Logging API Calls
    * Document History
    * AWS Glossary
AWS Documentation <http://aws.amazon.com/documentation> » AWS 
CloudFormation <http://aws.amazon.com/documentation/cloudformation/> » 
User Guide <http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/> 
» Document History
« PreviousNext »
[View the PDF for this guide.]
<http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/cfn-ug.pdf> 
[Go to the AWS Discussion Forum for this product.]
<http://forums.aws.amazon.com/forum.jspa?forumID=92> [Go to the Kindle 
Store to download this guide in Kindle format.]
<http://www.amazon.com/dp/B007S28IUW> 	Did this page help you?  Yes | No |  
Tell us about it...
<https://portal.aws.amazon.com/gp/aws/html-forms-controller/documentation/aws_doc_feedback_04?service_name=CloudFormation&guide_name=User%20Guide&api_version=2010-05-15&file_name=DocumentHistory>


Document History

The following table describes the important changes to the documentation 
since the last release of AWS CloudFormation.

Change 	API Version 	Description 	Release Date

Amazon RDS database instance update

2010-05-15

You can specify whether a database instance is Internet-facing by using the 
PubliclyAccessible property in the AWS::RDS::DBInstance resource.

September 05, 2014

UpdatePolicy Attribute update

2010-05-15

You can specify an update policy for an Auto Scaling group that has an 
associated scheduled action. For more information, see UpdatePolicy.

September 05, 2014

Amazon CloudWatch support

2010-05-15

You can use AWS CloudFormation to provision and manage CloudWatch Logs log 
groups and metric filters. For more information, see AWS::Logs::LogGroup 
or AWS::Logs::MetricFilter.

July 10, 2014

Amazon CloudFront distribution configuration update

2010-05-15

You can specify additional CloudFront distribution configuration 
properties:

    * Custom error responses define custom error messages for 4xx and 5xx
      HTTP status codes.

    * Price class defines the maximum price that you want to pay for the
      CloudFront service.

    * Restrictions define who can view your content.

    * Viewer certificate specifies the certificate to use when viewers use
      HTTPS.

    * For cache behaviors, you can specify allowed HTTP methods and
      indicate whether to forward cookies.

For more information, see AWS::CloudFront::Distribution.

June 17, 2014

Amazon EC2 instance update

2010-05-15

You can specify whether an instance stops or terminates when you invoke the 
instance's operating system shutdown command. For more information, see 
AWS::EC2::Instance.

June 17, 2014

Amazon EBS volume update

2010-05-15

You can use encrypted Amazon EBS volumes with supported instance types. For 
more information, see AWS::EC2::Volume.

June 17, 2014

Amazon VPC peering

2010-05-15

You can use AWS CloudFormation to create a VPC peering connection, which 
establishes a network connection between two VPCs. For more information, 
see AWS::EC2::VPCPeeringConnection.

June 17, 2014

Auto Scaling group update

2010-05-15

You can specify an existing cluster placement group in which to launch 
instances for an Auto Scaling group. For more information, see 
AWS::AutoScaling::AutoScalingGroup.

June 17, 2014

AWS CloudTrail

2010-05-15

AWS CloudFormation supports AWS CloudTrail, which an capture API calls made 
from your AWS account and where to publish the logs at a location you 
designate. For more information, see AWS::CloudTrail::Trail.

June 17, 2014

Update stack enhancements

2010-05-15

AWS CloudFormation supports additional features for updating stacks:

    * You can update AWS CloudFormation stack parameters without
      resubmitting the stack's template.

    * You can add or remove Amazon SNS notification topics for an AWS
      CloudFormation stack.

For more information, see AWS CloudFormation Stacks Updates.

May 12, 2014

Amazon Kinesis

2010-05-15

You can use AWS CloudFormation to create Amazon Kinesis streams that 
capture and transport data records from data sources. For more information, 
see AWS::Kinesis::Stream.

May 06, 2014

Amazon S3

2010-05-15

AWS CloudFormation supports additional Amazon S3 bucket properties:

    * Cross-origin resource sharing (CORS) defines cross-origin resource
      sharing of objects in a bucket.

    * Lifecycle defines how Amazon S3 manages objects during their
      lifetime.

    * Access logging policy captures information about requests made to
      your bucket.

    * Notifications define what events to report and which Amazon SNS topic
      to send messages to.

    * Versioning enables multiple variants of all objects in a bucket.

    * Redirect and routing rules govern redirect behavior for requests made
      to a bucket's website endpoint.

For more information, see AWS::S3::Bucket.

May 05, 2014

Auto Scaling

2010-05-15

AWS CloudFormation supports metrics collection for an Auto Scaling group. 
For more information, see AWS::AutoScaling::AutoScalingGroup.

May 05, 2014

Fn::If update

2010-05-15

You can use the Fn::If intrinsic function in the output section of a 
template. For more information, see Condition Functions. 	

May 05, 2014

API logging with AWS CloudTrail

2010-05-15

You can use AWS CloudTrail to log AWS CloudFormation requests. With AWS 
CloudTrail you can get a history of AWS CloudFormation API calls for your 
account. For more information, see Logging AWS CloudFormation API Calls in 
AWS CloudTrail.

April 02, 2014

Elastic Load Balancing update

2010-05-15

You can specify an access logging policy to capture information about 
requests made to your load balancer. You can also specify a connection 
draining policy that describes how to handle in-flight requests when 
instances are deregistered or become unhealthy. For more information, see 
AWS::ElasticLoadBalancing::LoadBalancer.

March 20, 2014

AWS OpsWorks support

2010-05-15

You can use AWS CloudFormation to provision and manage AWS OpsWorks stacks. 
For more information, see AWS::OpsWorks::Stack or AWS OpsWorks Snippets.

March 03, 2014

Limit increase

2010-05-15

You can specify template sizes up to 460,800 bytes in Amazon S3.

February 18, 2014

Amazon Redshift support

2010-05-15

You can use AWS CloudFormation to provision and manage Amazon Redshift 
clusters. For more information, see Amazon Redshift Snippets or 
AWS::Redshift::Cluster.

February 10, 2014

Amazon S3 buckets and bucket policies update

2010-05-15

You can update some properties of the Amazon S3 bucket and bucket policy 
resources. For more information, see AWS::S3::Bucket or 
AWS::S3::BucketPolicy.

February 10, 2014

AWS Elastic Beanstalk environments and application versions update

2010-05-15

You can update AWS Elastic Beanstalk environment configurations and 
application versions. For more information, see 
AWS::ElasticBeanstalk::Environment, 
AWS::ElasticBeanstalk::ConfigurationTemplate, or 
AWS::ElasticBeanstalk::ApplicationVersion.

February 10, 2014

Amazon SQS update

2010-05-15

You can specify a dead letter queue for an Amazon SQS queue. For more 
information, see AWS::SQS::Queue.

January 29, 2014

Auto Scaling scheduled actions

2010-05-15

You can scale the number of Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group 
based on a schedule. By using a schedule, you can scale applications in 
response to predictable load changes. For more information, see 
AWS::AutoScaling::ScheduledAction.

January 27, 2014

DynamoDB secondary indexes

2010-05-15

You can create local and global secondary indexes for DynamoDB databases. 
By using secondary indexes, you can efficiently access data with attributes 
other than the primary key. For more information, see AWS::DynamoDB::Table
.

January 27, 2014

Auto Scaling update

2010-05-15

You can specify an instance ID for an Auto Scaling group or launch 
configuration. You can also specify additional Auto Scaling block device 
properties. For more information, see AWS::AutoScaling::AutoScalingGroup 
or AWS::AutoScaling::LaunchConfiguration.

January 02, 2014

Amazon SQS update

2010-05-15

You can update Amazon SQS queues and specify additional properties. For 
more information, see AWS::SQS::Queue.

January 02, 2014

Limit increases

2010-05-15

You can specify up to 60 parameters and 60 outputs in your AWS 
CloudFormation templates

January 02, 2014

New console

2010-05-15

The new AWS CloudFormation console
<https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/> adds features like 
auto-refreshing stack events and alphabetical ordering of stack parameters.

December 19, 2013

Cross-zone load balancing

2010-05-15

With cross-zone load balancing, you can route traffic to back-end instances 
across all Avalibility Zones. For more information, see 
AWS::ElasticLoadBalancing::LoadBalancer.

December 19, 2013

AWS Elastic Beanstalk environment tiers

2010-05-15

You can specify whether AWS Elastic Beanstalk provisions resources to 
support a web server or to handle background-processing tasks. For more 
information, see AWS::ElasticBeanstalk::Environment.

December 19, 2013

Resource names

2010-05-15

You can assign names (physical IDs) to the following resources:

    * ElastiCache Clusters

    * Elastic Load Balancing load balancers

    * Amazon Relational Database Service DB instances

For more information, see Name Type.

December 19, 2013

VPN support

2010-05-15

You can enable a virtual private gateway (VGW) to propagate routes to the 
routing tables of a VPC. For more information, see 
AWS::EC2::VPNGatewayRoutePropagation.

November 22, 2013

Conditionally create resources and assign properties

2010-05-15

Using input parameters, you can control the creation and settings of 
designated stack resources by defining conditions in your AWS 
CloudFormation templates. For example, you can use conditions to create 
stack resources for a production environment. Using the same template, you 
can create similar stack resources with lower capacity for a test 
environment. For more information, see Condition Functions.

November 08, 2013

Prevent accidental updates to stack resources

2010-05-15

You can prevent stack updates that might result in unintentional changes to 
stack resources. For example, if you have a stack with a database layer 
that should rarely be updated, you can set a stack policy that prevents 
most users from updating that database layer. For more information, see 
Prevent Updates to Stack Resources.

November 08, 2013

Name resources

2010-05-15

Instead of using AWS CloudFormation-generated physical IDs, you can assign 
names to certain resources. The following AWS CloudFormation resources 
support naming:

    * Amazon CloudWatch alarms

    * Amazon DynamoDB tables

    * AWS Elastic Beanstalk applications and environments

    * Amazon S3 buckets

    * Amazon SNS topics

    * Amazon SQS queues

For more information, see Name Type.

November 08, 2013

Assign custom resource types

2010-05-15

In your templates, you can specify your own resource type for AWS 
CloudFormation custom resources (AWS::CloudFormation::CustomResource). By 
using your own custom resource type name, you can quickly identify the type 
of custom resources that you have in your stack. For example, you can 
specify "Type": "Custom::MyCustomResource". For more information, see 
AWS::CloudFormation::CustomResource.

November 08, 2013

Add pseudo parameter

2010-05-15

You can now refer to the AWS AccountID inside AWS CloudFormation templates 
by referring to the AWS::AccountID pseudo parameter. For more information, 
see Pseudo Parameters Reference.

November 08, 2013

Specify stacks in IAM policies

2010-05-15

You can allow or deny IAM users, groups, or roles to operate on specific 
AWS CloudFormation stacks. For example, you can deny the delete stack 
action on a specific stack ID. For more information, see Controlling Access 
with AWS Identity and Access Management.

November 08, 2013

Federation support

2010-05-15

AWS CloudFormation supports temporary security credentials from IAM roles, 
which enable scenarios such as federation and single sign-on to the AWS 
Management Console. You can also make calls to AWS CloudFormation from 
Amazon EC2 instances without embedding long-term security credentials by 
using IAM roles. For more information about AWS CloudFormation and IAM, see 
Controlling Access with AWS Identity and Access Management.

October 14, 2013

Amazon RDS read replica support

2010-05-15

You can now create Amazon RDS read replicas from a source DB instance. For 
more information, see the SourceDBInstanceIdentifier property in the 
AWS::RDS::DBInstance resource.

September 24, 2013

Associate public IP address with instances in Auto Scaling group.

2010-05-15

You can now associate public IP addresses with instances in an Auto Scaling 
group. For more information, see AWS::AutoScaling::LaunchConfiguration.

September 19, 2013

Additional VPC support.

2010-05-15

AWS CloudFormation added several enhancements to support VPC and VPN 
functionality:

    * You can associate a public IP address and multiple private IP
      addresses to Amazon EC2 network interfaces. For more information, see 
      AWS::EC2::NetworkInterface. You can also associate a primary private
      IP address to an elastic IP address (EIP).

    * You can enable DNS support and specify DNS host names. For more
      information, see AWS::EC2::VPC.

    * You can specify a static route between a virtual private gateway to
      your VPN gateway. For more information, see 
      AWS::EC2::VPNConnectionRoute.

September 17, 2013

Redis and VPC security groups support for Amazon ElastiCache.

2010-05-15

You can now specify Redis as the cache engine for an ElastiCache cluster. 
You can also now assign VPC security groups to ElastiCache clusters. For 
more information, see AWS::ElastiCache::CacheCluster.

September 3, 2013

Parallel stack creation, update and deletion, and nested stack updates.

2010-05-15

CloudFormation now creates, updates, and deletes resources in parallel, 
improving the operations' performance. If you update a top-level template, 
CloudFormation automatically updates any nested stacks that have changed. 
For more information, see AWS CloudFormation Stacks Updates.

August 12, 2013

VPC security groups can now be set in AWS RDS instances

2010-05-15

You can now assign VPC security groups to an Amazon RDS instance with AWS 
CloudFormation. For more information, see the VPCSecurityGroups property in 
AWS::RDS::DBInstance.

February 28, 2013

Rolling Deployments for Auto Scaling Groups

2010-05-15

AWS CloudFormation now supports update policies on autoscaling groups, 
which describe how instances in the autoscaling group are replaced or 
modified when the auto scaling group adds or removes instances. You can 
modify these settings at stack creation or during a stack update.

For more information and an example, see UpdatePolicy.

February 20, 2013

Cancel and Rollback Action for Stack Updates

2010-05-15

AWS CloudFormation supports the ability to cancel a stack update. The stack 
must be in the UPDATE_IN_PROGRESS state when the update request is made. 
More information is available in the following topics:

    * Canceling a Stack Update

    * aws cloudformation cancel-update-stack
      <http://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/cloudformation/cancel-update-stack.html>

    * CancelUpdateStack
      <http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/APIReference/API_CancelUpdateStack.html> 
      in the AWS CloudFormation API Reference

February 20, 2013

EBS-Optimized Instances for Auto Scaling Groups

2010-05-15

You can now provision EBS-optimized instances in auto scaling groups for 
dedicated throughput to Amazon EBS in autoscaled instances. The 
implementation is similar to that of the previously released support for 
optimized EBS EC2 instances.

For more information, see the new EbsOptimized property in 
AWS::AutoScaling::LaunchConfiguration.

February 20, 2013

New Documentation

2010-05-15

AWS::EC2::Instance now provides a BlockDeviceMappings property to allow you 
to set block device mappings for your EC2 instance.

With this change, two new types have been added:

    * Amazon EC2 Block Device Mapping Property
    * Amazon Elastic Block Store Block Device Property

December 21, 2012

New Documentation

2010-05-15

New sections have been added to describe the procedures for creating and 
viewing stacks using the recently redesigned AWS Management Console. You 
can find them here:

    * Creating a Stack
    * Viewing Stack Data and Resources

December 21, 2012

New Documentation

2010-05-15

Custom resources are special AWS CloudFormation resources that provide a 
way for a template developer to include non-AWS resources in an AWS 
CloudFormation stack. The custom resource provider can be either a template 
developer or a separate third-party resource provider.

Information about custom resources is provided in the following topics:

    * AWS CloudFormation Custom Resource Walkthrough

    * AWS::CloudFormation::CustomResource

    * Custom Resource Reference

November 15, 2012

Updated Documentation

2010-05-15

AWS CloudFormation now supports specifying provisioned I/O operations per 
second (IOPS) for Amazon RDS instances. You can set this value from 
1000–10,000 in 1000 IOPS increments by using the new Iops property in 
AWS::RDS::DBInstance.

For more information about specifying IOPS for RDS instances, see 
Provisioned IOPS
<http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/RDSFAQ.PIOPS.html> 
in the Amazon Relational Database Service User Guide.

November 15, 2012

New and Updated Documentation

2010-05-15

Reorganization of topics to more clearly provide specific information about 
using the AWS Management Console and using the AWS CloudFormation 
command-line interface (CLI).

Information about tagging AWS CloudFormation stacks has been added to the 
documentation, including new guides and updated reference topics:

    * New topic in Using the Console: Setting Stack Options.

    * New information about tags in the AWS CloudFormation API reference: 
      CreateStack
      <http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/APIReference/API_CreateStack.html> 
      , Stack
      <http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/APIReference/API_Stack.html> 
      , and Tag
      <http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/APIReference/API_Tag.html> 
      .

New information about working with Windows Stacks:

    * Microsoft Windows Amazon Machine Images (AMIs) and AWS CloudFormation
      Templates

    * Bootstrapping AWS CloudFormation Windows Stacks

    * Accessing AWS CloudFormation Windows Instances

New topic: Using Regular Expressions in AWS CloudFormation Templates.

August 27, 2012

New Feature

2010-05-15

AWS CloudFormation now provides full support for Virtual Private Cloud 
(VPC) security with Amazon EC2. You can now create and populate an entire 
VPC with every type of VPC resource (subnets, gateways, network ACLs, route 
tables, and so forth) using a single AWS CloudFormation template.

Templates can be downloaded that demonstrate new VPC features:

Single instance in a single subnet
<https://s3.amazonaws.com/cloudformation-templates-us-east-1/vpc_single_instance_in_subnet.template>
Multiple subnets with Elastic Load Balancing (ELB) and an auto scaling 
group
<https://s3.amazonaws.com/cloudformation-templates-us-east-1/vpc_multiple_subnets.template>

Documentation for the following resource types has been updated:

AWS::EC2::SecurityGroup
AWS::EC2::SecurityGroupIngress
AWS::EC2::SecurityGroupEgress
AWS::EC2::Instance
AWS::AutoScaling::AutoScalingGroup
AWS::EC2::EIP
AWS::EC2::EIPAssociation
AWS::ElasticLoadBalancing::LoadBalancer

New resource types have been added to the documentation:

AWS::EC2::VPC
AWS::EC2::InternetGateway
AWS::EC2::DHCPOptions
AWS::EC2::DHCPOptions
AWS::EC2::RouteTable
AWS::EC2::NetworkAcl
AWS::EC2::NetworkAclEntry
AWS::EC2::Subnet
AWS::EC2::VPNGateway
AWS::EC2::CustomerGateway

April 25, 2012

New Feature

2010-05-15

AWS CloudFormation now allows you to add or remove elements from a stack 
when updating it. AWS CloudFormation Stacks Updates has been updated, and a 
new section has been added to the walkthrough: Change the Stack's Resources
, which describes how to add and remove resources when updating the stack.

April 13, 2012

New Feature

2010-05-15

AWS CloudFormation now provides support for resources in an existing Amazon 
Virtual Private Cloud (VPC). With this release, you can:

    * Launch an EC2 Dedicated Instance into an existing VPC. For more
      information, see AWS::EC2::Instance.

    * Set the SourceDestCheck attribute of an Amazon EC2 instance that
      resides in an existing VPC. For more information, see 
      AWS::EC2::Instance

    * Create Amazon Elastic IP Addresses in an existing VPC. For more
      information, see AWS::EC2::EIP

    * Use CloudFormation to create VPC security groups and ingress/egress
      rules in an existing VPC. For more information, see 
      AWS::EC2::SecurityGroup.

    * Associate an Auto Scaling Group with an existing Amazon VPC by
      setting the VPCZoneIdentifier property of your
      AWS::AutoScaling::AutoScalingGroup resource. For more information,
      see AWS::AutoScaling::AutoScalingGroup.

    * Attach an Elastic Load Balancing LoadBalancer to a VPC subnet and
      create security groups for the LoadBalancer. For more information,
      see AWS::ElasticLoadBalancing::LoadBalancer.

    * Create an RDS instance in an existing VPC. For more information, see 
      AWS::RDS::DBInstance.

February 2, 2012

New Feature

2010-05-15

You can now update properties for the following resources in an existing 
stack:

    * AWS::EC2::SecurityGroupIngress

    * AWS::EC2::SecurityGroupEgress

    * AWS::EC2::EIPAssociation

    * AWS::RDS::DBSubnetGroup

    * AWS::RDS::DBSecurityGroup

    * AWS::RDS::DBSecurityGroupIngress

    * AWS::Route53::RecordSetGroup

For the full list of updateable resources and details about things to 
consider when updating a stack, see AWS CloudFormation Stacks Updates.

February 2, 2012

Restructured Guide

2010-05-15

Reorganized existing sections into new sections: Working with AWS 
CloudFormation Templates and Managing Stacks. Moved Template Reference to 
the top level of the Table of Contents. Moved Estimating the Cost of Your 
AWS CloudFormation Stack to the Getting Started section.

February 2, 2012

New Content

2010-05-15

Added three new sections:

    * Walkthrough: Updating a Stack is a tutorial that walks through the
      process of updating a LAMP stack.

    * Deploying Applications with AWS CloudFormation describes how to use
      AWS CloudFormation helper scripts to deploy applications using
      metadata stored in your template.

    * CloudFormation Helper Scripts Reference provides reference material
      for the AWS CloudFormation helper scripts (cfn-init,
      cfn-get-metadata, cfn-signal, and cfn-hup).

February 2, 2012

New Feature

2010-05-15

AWS CloudFormation now provides the aws cloudformation list-stacks command, 
which enables you to list stacks filtered by stack status. Deleted stacks 
can be listed for up to 90 days after they have been deleted. For more 
information, see Describing and Listing Your Stacks.

May 26, 2011

New Features

2010-05-15

The aws cloudformation describe-stack-resources and aws cloudformation 
get-template commands now enable you to get information from stacks which 
have been deleted for 90 days after they have been deleted. For more 
information, see Listing Resources and Retrieving a Template.

May 26, 2011

New Link

2010-05-15

AWS CloudFormation endpoint information is now located in the Amazon Web 
Services General Reference. For more information, go to Regions and 
Endpoints in Amazon Web Services General Reference
<http://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/index.html?rande.html> .

March 1, 2011

Initial Release

2010-05-15

This is the initial public release of AWS CloudFormation.

February 25, 2011
Document Conventions 	« PreviousNext »
Terms of Use <http://aws.amazon.com/terms/> 	Did this page help you?  Yes | 
No |  Tell us about it...
<https://portal.aws.amazon.com/gp/aws/html-forms-controller/documentation/aws_doc_feedback_04?service_name=CloudFormation&guide_name=User%20Guide&api_version=2010-05-15&file_name=DocumentHistory>